##1
Ingredients
3 tablespoons white wine vinegar
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
6 ears fresh corn
2 cups red or orange grape tomatoes, halved
8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into small cubes
1 bunch scallions (white and green), thinly sliced

1 1/2 cups fresh basil leaves
1 Whisk together the vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt
and some pepper in a small bowl. Gradually
whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then
adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a
Smooth dressing.

Shear off the corn kernels with a sharp knife

over a bowl (you should have about 4 cups).
Toss in the tomatoes, mozzarella and scallions.
Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss to coat.
Cover and let stand for at least 15 minutes and up
to 2 hours. Before serving, tear the basil over the
salad and stir.
#ingredients
3 tablespoons white wine vinegar
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
6 ears fresh corn
2 cups red or orange grape tomatoes, halved
8 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into small cubes
1 bunch scallions (white and green), thinly sliced
1 1/2 cups fresh basil leaves
#steps
Whisk together the vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt and some pepper in a small bowl.
Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a Smooth dressing.
Shear off the corn kernels with a sharp knife over a bowl (you should have about 4 cups).
Toss in the tomatoes, mozzarella and scallions.
Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss to coat.
Cover and let stand for at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours.
Before serving, tear the basil over the salad and stir.

##2
0000 Verizon

My Recipe Book

We View Grocery List
9 Find Recipes Online
Add a Recipe

Qy All My Recipes

C) Categories

El Ready Time

w Favorite Recipes
Q Recipe Queue

il Surprise Me

gy Help Settings



28 recipes safely synced 9/26/14, 414 PM



416 PM 61% EDs

Sesesesesessssesesesees

Grandma's Stuffed Zucchini Edit

From Recipe Book Selections
Yield 4 Servings
Categories Side Dishes, Vegetarian

Cook Time 20 mins



Prep Time 15 mins

y wy Ready Time 35 mins
Ingredients Directions
2 Large Zucchini 1. Halve zucchini lengthwise, Scoop
1 Small Onion out pulp and set aside, leaving
(Chopped) 1/4" shell.
1 Cup Mushrooms 2. Chop pulp coarsely.
(Coarsly chopped) 3. Combine with onion,

1/2 Cup Celery mushrooms, celery, and

(Chopped) tomatoes in 2 quart casserole
1 Medium Tomato dish. Cover. Microwave on high
(Chopped) for 4-6 minutes or until tender.

1 Tbsp Butter Stir once and drain.
3/4 Cup Bread 4, Stir in crumbs, egg, cheeses, salt



EE Beosast-
#ingredients
2 Large Zucchini
1 Small Onion (Chopped)
1 Cup Mushrooms (Coarsly chopped)
1/2 Cup Celery (Chopped)
1 Medium Tomato (Chopped)
1 Tbsp Butter
3/4 Cup Bread
#steps
Halve zucchini lengthwise, Scoop out pulp and set aside, leaving shell.
Chop pulp coarsely.
Combine with onion, mushrooms, celery, and tomatoes in 2 quart casserole dish. Cover. 
Microwave on high for 4-6 minutes or until tender.
Stir once and drain.
Stir in crumbs, egg, cheeses, salt

##3
3/4 cup milk

2 tablespoons white vinegar

1 cup all-purpose flour

1/2 teaspoon baking soda

2 tablespoons white sugar

1/2 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon baking powder
legg

2 tablespoons butter, melted

cooking spray

Add all ingredients to list
Combine milk with vinegar in a medium bowl and set aside for 5 minutes
to'sour'

) Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large
mixing bowl. Whisk egg and butter into soured milk. Pour the flour
mivture into the wet ingredients and whisk untillumps are gone,

Heat alarge skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray, Pour
1/4 cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, and cook until bubbles appear on the
surface, Flip with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other sid,
#ingredients
3/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons white vinegar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoons white sugar
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 egg
2 tablespoons butter, melted
cooking spray
#steps
Combine milk with vinegar in a medium bowl and set aside for 5 minutes to 'sour'.
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl.
Whisk egg and butter into soured milk.
Pour the flour mixture into the wet ingredients and whisk until lumps are gone.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and coat with cooking spray.
Pour 1/4 cupfuls of batter onto the skillet, and cook until bubbles appear on the surface.
Flip with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other side.

##4
1 pound sweet italian sausage

3/4 pound lean ground beef

1/2 cup minced onion

2 cloves garlic, crushed

1 (28 Ounce) can crushed
tomatoes

2 (6 Cunce) cans tomato paste

2 (6-5 cunce) cans canned
tomato sauce

1/2 cup water

2 tablespoons white sugar

1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil
leaves
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds

1 teaspoon italian seasoning

1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided, or
to taste

1/4 teaspoon ground black
pepper

4 tablespoons chopped fresh
parsley

12 lasagna noodles

16 ounces ricotta cheese

1egsge

3/4 pound mozzarella cheese,
sliced

3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
In a Dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium
heat until well browned. Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato

sauce, and water. Season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, Italian seasoning,

1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley. Simmer, covered, for
about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.

Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook lasagna noodles in
boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water.
In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and
1/2 teaspoon salt.

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).

To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch
baking dish. Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce. Spread with
one half of the ricotta cheese mixture. Top with a third of mozzarella
cheese slices. Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle
with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Repeat layers, and top with remaining
mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Cover with foil to prevent sticking,
either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch
the cheese.

Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil, and bake an
additional 25 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving.
#ingredients
1 pound sweet Italian sausage
3/4 pound lean ground beef
1/2 cup minced onion
2 cloves garlic, crushed
1 (28 Ounce) can crushed tomatoes
2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
2 (6.5 cunce) cans canned tomato sauce
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons white sugar
1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil leaves
1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 1/2 teaspoons salt, divided, or to taste
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
12 lasagna noodles
16 ounces ricotta cheese
1 egg
3/4 pound mozzarella cheese, sliced
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
#steps
In a Dutch oven, cook sausage, ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat until well browned.
Stir in crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, and water.
Season with sugar, basil, fennel seeds, Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and 2 tablespoons parsley.
Simmer, covered, for about 1 1/2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
Cook lasagna noodles in boiling water for 8 to 10 minutes.
Drain noodles, and rinse with cold water.
In a mixing bowl, combine ricotta cheese with egg, remaining parsley, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
To assemble, spread 1 1/2 cups of meat sauce in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Arrange 6 noodles lengthwise over meat sauce.
Spread with one half of the ricotta cheese mixture.
Top with a third of mozzarella cheese slices.
Spoon 1 1/2 cups meat sauce over mozzarella, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.
Repeat layers, and top with remaining mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.
Cover with foil to prevent sticking, either spray foil with cooking spray, or make sure the foil does not touch the cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove foil, and bake an additional 25 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before serving.